have you already ordered the restaurant without knowing what you had to eat
hot if the idea is original alain to the monks an atypical chef who plays
conventions with a lot of spices of all kinds he mixes
flavors and if you never know what you're going to eat with Alain's cuisine
we can taste with closed eyes this art lover has only one ambition
surprise his clients and make them travel
we had a lot of a lot of love a lot of soul in the order
it feels
it feels like a customer the word client do you feel it fillon
it's a game between us it's more than I come to the table you chose
a long series here
in fact all choosing customers will choose
this is the challenge of fine dining that best represented with a tariff
we do not really know what we are going to eat and afp
so we go back a little bit before
in conversation with his client but differently
for regulars no wonder indeed to order a small extract
yet some like it hot
in his kitchen alain costes who films his menus while we forgot
everything you know and let yourself be carried
a child on the internet and warm for a Bernese
for him indeed that I'm going to make spices of course
opened since this summer said in the middle a new wave on 38
federates its customers wherever they come from these do not dry up
of praise for the chef and his cuisine
I thought it was not a record
in excellent e rank the propeller was really a real festival for
buds
it is found in more than
henri iv long term of
half declined on the film
this is the first time I eat that I take the bus to know that the
eat finally bend
as long as to know paradise as much become of this degree
this little phrase of the chef and perfectly illustrates his restaurant or
heard after a good dinner it will take the time you enjoy the most